This is a forum website, called `ChatterBox`.

Everyone is welcome to share their thoughts, experiences, and ideas 
with people from all walks of life. Discussions are highly encouraged 
to build a more interactive platform and community. Welcome to our 
community, ChatterBox.


Getting Start

To join us, you can simply click here, `ChatterBox`. Otherwise, you 
can copy the link, http://localhost:5173 to your browser.


A Look Inside
1.	Home Page
    a.	Once you are directed to the ChatterBox website, there is a 
        short and brief introduction to our platform. You can click 
        the `Join Us Now` button to proceed to our login page.

2.	Login Page
    a.	You can choose your username for the authentication. There is 
        no restriction on your username if it is not empty. 
    b.	Note that this website is designed to authenticate users solely 
        by their username. Thus, users are encouraged to create their 
        account with a special username, or else they may share the same 
        account with other users.

3.	Forum Page
    a.	Upon successful login, you will be directed to our platform. 
        Users should see a forum navbar at the top of the website, 
        and a list of posts and threads from all users of the ChatterBox.

Get the Most Out of ChatterBox
1.	Avatar
    a.	Every user will have their avatar, and it will have a dropdown 
        menu in the navbar. Users can choose the theme of the website, 
        create a post, send feedback to us, or log out.
    b.	The default theme of the website is dark mode.
    c.	If you have a very long username, you may need to hover over 
        your avatar to see your complete username.

2.	Share Your Thoughts
    a.	To create a post, you can click on the `Create Post` button in 
        the navbar. Otherwise, you can click on your avatar, a dropdown 
        will be shown with a `Create Post` option.
    b.	Upon clicking on the text box, you will be prompted to enter the 
        title and content of the post. 
    c.	Once you are done, you can click the `SEND` button to create the 
        post. Note that, the action may fail if you leave any of the 
        sections empty. 
    d.	You can click the `DELETE` button to cancel everything entered.
    e.	You can click the cross icon on the top to exit.

3.	Comments on Other User’s Posts
    a.	For each post, there is an arrow icon pointing downward. Once you 
        click on that arrow, the comment section will be expanded. The text 
        field for comments will be at the bottom.
    b.	Similar to creating a post, the comment also cannot be empty. Click 
        the `Add` icon button to send the comment
    c.	To shrink the comment section, click the arrow button, which will be 
        pointing upward upon the comment section is expanded, at the position 
        aforementioned.

4.	Like Posts and Comments
    a.	There will be an empty love icon for every post and comment. Every 
        user can click on the love icon of the posts and comments that they 
        are interested in to show their support. It will then become a filled 
        love icon.
    b.	The love icon will toggle between these two states every time a user 
        clicks it.
    c.	The number beside the love icon reflects the number the users that 
        have licked the post or comment.

5.	More Options for Post
    a.	There is a more options icon for every post. Once you click that icon, 
        a popper will be shown. You need to click the same icon again to close 
        the popper. If you are the owner of the post, you can choose to edit or 
        delete the post. Otherwise, you can report the post if there is any issue.
    b.	Edit the post
        i.	Click the `EDIT` button, you will see the post title, and the post 
            content will be in edit mode.
        ii.	Once you have done editing, click the `SEND` button to confirm the 
            changes. Any changes will be discarded if the `BACK` button is clicked.
    c.	Delete the post
        i.	Click the `DELETE` button, the `DELETE` button will become the `CONFIRM` 
            button and the `BACK` button. Click the `CONFIRM` button only if you 
            want to delete the post.
        ii.	Note that this action is irreversible.
    d.	Report the post
        i.	This action is disabled at this moment.

6.	More Options for Comment
    a.	You will have the option to delete or edit the comment if you are the 
        owner of the comment. Otherwise, you can report the comment if there is 
        any issue, which is also disabled at this moment. The logic of deleting 
        and editing comments is very similar to these actions on posts.
    b.	The edit button is represented by a pencil icon while the delete button 
        is represented by the dustbin icon.
    c.	If you want to delete a comment, note that the `CONFIRM` and `BACK` 
        buttons are replaced by the tick and cross icons respectively.

7.	Share the Post
    a.	This action is disabled at this moment.


Troubleshooting

If you find any issues with ChatterBox, feel free to drop us feedback, which 
can be found in the dropdown of your avatar.


Error Page
If you change the URL of the website to an address that is not implemented 
in ChatterBox, you will be directed to an error page, showing `404 Page Not Found`. 
Please click the `Previous` button to return to the previous page.
